Recipe Title: World's Best Lasagna
12
Ingredients:
Meat: This super meaty lasagna has sweet Italian sausage and lean ground beef.
Onion and garlic: An onion and two cloves of garlic are cooked with the meat to add tons of flavor.
Tomato products:  You'll need a can of crushed tomatoes, two cans of tomato sauce, and two cans of tomato paste.
Sugar: Two tablespoons of white sugar add subtle sweetness and enhance the flavor of the sauce.
Spices and seasonings: This lasagna recipe is flavored with fresh parsley, dried basil leaves, salt, Italian seasoning, fennel seeds, and black pepper.
Lasagna noodles: Use store-bought or homemade lasagna noodles.
Cheeses: Parmesan, mozzarella, and ricotta cheese make this lasagna extra decadent.
Egg: An egg helps bind the ricotta so it doesn't ooze out of the lasagna when you cut into it.
Instructions:
Make the meat sauce.
Cook the noodles.
Make the ricotta mixture.
Layer the lasagna according to the recipe instructions.
Cover with foil and bake.
Let the lasagna rest before serving.

Recipe Title: Tzatziki
2
Vegetarian
Ingredients:
strained yogurt
shredded cucumber
olive oil
garlic
lemon juice
salt
mint
dill
Instructions:
Start by grating the cucumber.
I use the largest holes on a box grater to give my final sauce texture and plenty of green flecks. 
Next, squeeze the water out of the grated cucumber. 
This step is essential for making a creamy tzatziki – if you skip it, the water from the cucumber 
will cause your sauce to separate. Squeeze the cucumber directly over the sink, or press it 
lightly between kitchen or paper towels.
Then, stir everything together! Mix the squeezed cucumber with the yogurt, lemon juice, garlic, 
olive oil, salt, and herbs, and chill until you’re ready to use.

Recipe Title: Spaghetti puttanesca
4
Ingredients:
3 tbsp olive oil
1 onion, finely chopped
2 large garlic cloves, crushed
1/2 tbsp chilli flakes (optional)
400g can chopped tomatoes
5 anchovy fillets, finely chopped
120g pitted black olives
2 tbsp capers, drained
300g dried spaghetti
1/2 small bunch of parsley, finely chopped
Instructions:
Heat the oil in a non-stick pan over a medium low heat.
Add the onion along with a generous pinch of salt and fry for 10 mins.
Add the garlic and chilli, if using, and cook for a further minute.
Stir the tomatoes, anchovies, olives and capers into the onion,
bring to a gentle simmer and cook, uncovered, for 15 mins. Season to taste.
Meanwhile, bring a large pan of salted water to the boil. 
Cook the spaghetti following pack instructions,
then drain and toss with the sauce and parsley.


